I'll take a general relativistic approach. In the following, space-time is a Riemannian (in fact Lorentzian) manifold. Einstein's equations relate mass/energy of the space-time to the curvature of the space-time. In a very compact form, Einstein's equations can be written as where  is the Einstein tensor (which is a function of the metric of the space-time) and  is the stress-energy tensor which captures the matter content of the space-time. A vacuum solution of the Einstein's equation is a space-time for which the stress-energy tensor vanishes i.e. there are no mass or non-gravitational forces. This implies that the Einstein tensor also vanishes (which concludes that the Ricci tensor is zero). It is important to notice that Ricci flatness doesn't necessarily mean that the space-time(metric) is flat. One trivial vacuum solution is flat space-time which has no matter and no curvature. Question : A very interesting question is whether we could construct any non-trivial vacuum solutions of the Einstein equations. As existence of such a space-time would mean that there is no matter yet the curvature is not zero i.e. the gravity is non-zero. Answer : Yes! The most famous example of such a solution is the Schwarzschild metric. Now we know that a Schwarzschild metric admits singularity (black hole!) and is open (topologically) and extended.An immediate question is - Q: Whether we could construct a compact (closed) and smooth (i.e. with no singularity) non-trivial solution to the vacuum Einstein's equations ? i.e. can there be a compact and smooth space-time that contains no matter whose gravity is not zero? The question Calabi asked can be interpreted as - Q : Can there be gravity in a compact supersymmetric space-time that has no matter ?Thus once proven, Calabi's conjecture affirms that indeed there are such space-times. Supersymmetry imposes some conditions on the space-time which translate to it being a Kahler manifold and Calabi-Yau in some cases! Another related question is - Which Kahler manifolds are also Einstein ? Ricci flat manifolds are a special case of Einstein manifolds and the proof of Calabi conjecture gives a class of Kahler-Einstein manifolds. For more curious : If the first Chern class of a Kahler manifold is negative or zero (CY), it is also an Einstein manifold.