Coffee shops are my favorite places to work. I go to a local coffee shop every day even for a tiny bit and work there. Coffee shops serve as my office when I've no compelling reason to go to office or I decided to work from 'home'. Over the years, I've adapted to be more productive while working at coffee shops. I like the atmosphere at coffee shops - the aroma of coffee, the movements of baristas, the voices of people - all tell me "you are not alone!" Working alone at home can be claustrophobic (for me at least). As other answers highlighted, coffee shops offer a work space outside the home and office. We all need change, it can be really monotonous just working at office. At home, we are highly prone to distractions (I check my refrigerator compulsively!). Coffee shops are great for group study, if I want to work with a team on something, it's much better to go to a coffee shop and find a bigger table than going to someone's place. Not to mention, some of us are hesitant to go to someone's place or invite a bunch of people to ours. You might like the furniture at a particular coffee shop, maybe more than what you have in the shitty college dorm room. You may need a bigger table where you can sit your computer in addition to a book and two papers which you need to reference. May be your internet is not working for some reason or you don;'t have a great speed. This is particularly true for the visitors/tourists. Coffee shops provide great social hang-out joints. Every city I lived, I had a friend circle who I knew from the coffee shops. You meet regulars and start chatting and over a cup of coffee you become friends. But more than anything it is the devil himself - the dark, warm, caffeine enriched, spicy, fruity, nutty, aromatic, beverage we call coffee. It is great to have something to sip while you are trying to understand intricate mathematical theories or writing a code to predict the deleterious mutations in plants. Sure you can brew coffee at home, but unless you have an extensive setup, the choices at home are very limited and trained baristas (usually) make better coffees. This also saves a tiny bit of time and energy.